# How To Run the function modules in this directory #

This directory is made up of three catagories:

    -Code
  
    -Data
  
    -Documentation

Code is the file folder that contains the various function modules and unit tests for each module.

This contains:

    -direction_of_motion_elevator.py : a function module that calculates and plots the direction of motion values from acceleration data.

    -distance_between_two_points.py : a function module that calculates the distance between two GPS points and plots the shape mapped by the GPS

    -unitconversion.py : a function module that converts feet and yards to meters.

    -unixtime-converter : a function module that converts the date and time from a meta file into unix time.

    -The four unit test modules for each module names as such : test_"".py

Data is the file folder that contains the data .csv files used in each module as well as the .png images 
generated by some of he modules above.

This contains:

    -2 .csv files containing GPS tracking data for the walking path of a circle and a triangle labeled Kylemasc011BWalikingTriangle.csv and Kylemasc011DWalkngCircle.csv

    -2 .csv files containing x, y, and z acceleration data for an elevator travelling up and down four floors labeled Kylemasc011AElevator.csv and Kylemasc01CElevator2.csv

    -1 metafile .txt containing the author, date, time, and weather, of the expreiment.

    -4 generated png files, 2 for the walking paths, and 2 for the elevator acceleration.

Documentation is the file folder with the useful information markdowns including this How To Run document and the reference list.

In order to use these you must first import the functions from each module into a new module
and then specify the path to the data or meta file you wish to pull from,
then you specify the path where you wish to save the png files to.
You then use these files in the function.
Examples of each module and how to implement them are included in the test_run_modules.py files in the Code folder.
